And welcome, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, best friends, sisters and Tony find the good and the awesome in every single day, and the crowd goes wild. That's right. Little bits equal lot. Little bits of awesome. That's right. What's up, everybody? Welcome to today's episode of the podcast of little Bits of awesome. That's right. That's us. That's us. You know, you take on all these different little, you know, accents and different things. She's so good at this, guys. But guess what? Guess who isn't me. That's my sister, Emily Ingaman, who doesn't do a single, doesn't know how to do accents. It's such a shame because my kids are so good at it. My husband is so good. I swear, I could name a country a scenario, and they would like different elements of, like, a back country, England, whatever, and they're going to know how to do it, and I don't got it. Oh, my God. You don't know. Keaton just came in the house. Keaton, you just gave me. What's up, Keaton? How are we doing? We're doing good. We're an episode. Cass and Keaton have the coolest handshake. It's a lot of clapping and then thumbs to the sky. Cass made it up, and it works. It's going strong. That's right. It works. So, anyway. Yeah, it's okay. Cass Martin over there, and I love her. She's the best in the west, west, west. I love you, too. And it's okay that you can't do. Can't. But, you know, I can get really weird and get you laughing really hard. Yes. On a good day. You're funny in different ways. I am funny. You're very funny. So, you guys, we have kind of, like, a little trend going on about confidence. Being a new year. We've got a theme about confidence. We do. So today we want to dive in January. Yeah, we want to dive in a little bit more. And I have the best quote. Okay. About confidence. Tell us. Let me see. Where I. Where is it, you guys? It was so cute. It was about. Well, here we go. Confidence is the attitude and the result of consistent actions. What you practice, you become. Yes. It's a great one. It is. Well, I mean, obviously, anything that is good in your life, and believe me, self confidence is good, doesn't come by accident. We have to practice anything that we become good at, and we're strong in. We have to practice it. And so, so often we talk ourselves out of it because we don't want to maybe do the work or. It seems too overwhelming. But confidence is like anything else. It's just 1ft in front of the other. And over time, you've got it right, sister. You're still looking for that? I'm looking for the cute quote. It was about Winnie the Pooh. I saw it on instagram and it was like, listen, we grew up loving a bear that was wearing a crop top and not caring about what his figure looked like. Just go put on whatever you want and be confident. I love that. Well, our friend Tia Stokes has been through a long journey of cancer. We've referred her a few times here and she always says in every size that she's been. Because when she had cancer, she got really, really skinny through chemo. Then they put her on steroids. Her body swelled quite a bit, her size changed dramatically. And she always has said through the entire journey, you make the clothes. Yeah. You put on whatever you want and own it and be confident with it. And you make the clothes. The clothes don't make you just like Winnie the Pooh, the crop top and the pop belly bear. Right? He didn't care. With no pants. With no pants, you guys. Yeah. So we're going to talk a little bit today about what is confidence? Because it's kind of like this aloof idea that people want. But why? What is it? Or you just look at someone, you just go, oh, she's so confident. Confident. What is she actually. What are you saying? So confidence is a person's ability to believe in themselves and their capability to succeed in any area of their life. And I also think that succeed is a touchy word because people might be lacking confidence because they have this idea of success that is so unattainable, rather than really looking at what you have and finding success with what you've already built in your life. And they think confidence looks a certain way, too, and it really doesn't, because it's really what's going on in your mind. It's about your own feelings of self worth or self doubt. High levels of confidence doesn't mean thinking that you are the best at anything and everything. Even psychology has shown nowadays that there is a fine line between self esteem and narcissism. Knowing that you are enough doesn't make you do less, but it makes you recognize that you're worth more. Oh, I like that. And I think of that a lot of times in anything that I'm doing. You and I kind of have a funny phrase that we say back and forth like oh, it could be worse. Yeah. And it helps us kind of gain confidence with where we're at. It could always be worse. Be happy with where you're at. It's okay. It's okay. Don't sweat the small stuff. Yeah. So we're going to just dive into real quickly on today's podcast about what does a lack of confidence look like? Because you might be thinking, oh, I want to have that confidence. But you don't really have the self awareness of what you're doing that contributes to your lack of confidence. I like that. So this is being confident versus letting your insecurities control the flow of your life will have very different results. So we're going to look at like a compare and contrast of confidence versus insecurity. Okay. So open minded to try out new experiences. This is what a confident person, they're open minded. But if you're insecure, you're closed minded to opportunities. So you're really holding yourself back because you just don't have that faith in yourself, willing to take risks. We talked a lot about this, you guys, because risks are scary. There's a fear of failure. There's a fear of what people will say. There's a fear of the unknown. So confidence looks like willing to take risks. Insecurity looks like a resistance to change. And I think that that is a good self awareness. That's not only, like, in your jobs, that's within your lifestyle, within your parenting, within your relationships, within your job, within everything. Oh, this one's a great one. Embracing flaws and using them to your advantage when you're confident. And that is so important because like I said before, confidence doesn't look a certain way when you said, success looks different on each person too. So embrace those flaws because we all have them. Even the person that you think is the most confident has flaws. So if you're insecure, you're feeling ashamed of your flaws and striving for perfectionism. So that is interesting because they won't allow, they think that I cannot be confident if I have this flaw or I failed at this or this has happened to me. And so you kind of talk yourself out of it. I love that. It's a great reminder. And I think that perfectionism, we don't look at it as being insecure. No. But really, it's the resistance to accept yourselves as you are. And that takes confidence and accepting failure. Yeah. So confidence looks like taking responsibility for your life. Yeah, love that. Insecurity looks like open minded to trying out new experiences. So one is taking responsibilities. And one is like, I'm going to maybe try out new experiences, but I don't know. Yeah. Okay. And then the last one is seeing life's challenges as opportunities for growth. So when you're confident, you can look at the challenges of life and know that there's something you can gain from it and you can grow from it and being okay with it. But when you're insecure, you have a pessimistic outlook on life. So I love that because we aren't without challenges. They're going to come no matter what. That doesn't mean you have to have more doubt about yourself. That doesn't mean that if things go wrong, that you're less than or anything like that. Embrace it and know that that's part of the journey. Be confident with it, learn from the growth, and move forward. So another question that you could ask yourself is to define what confidence means to you. And here are a couple of questions that we're going to have you guys ask yourself. A little food for thought. So one, what is your unique brand of confidence? I love that. Yeah. Well, because that means we're stepping out of the comparison game, which is killing our joy, killing our confidence. So looking and embracing your uniqueness will help that confidence expand. I love that. What does it look like? So what does confidence look like to you? And remember, what you've accomplished will look different. What you look like will look different. It all starts in the mind, in your self belief, and so recognize what confidence looks like to you and embrace that, I think. And how does it feel when you're confident? So defining what confidence means to you. Also, you can ask yourself, do you feel confident when you put on a certain hat, coat, or pair of shoes? I love this. During COVID I remember Mel Robbins talking about how she was just wearing these schlumpy pants every day and these outfits that were just very blah, but they were comfortable and they worked, and everything was at home. And one day she was in her closet and she just kind of looked up and she saw these red pants that she just loves. And she's like, I had nowhere to go. But those pants make me feel like a freaking rock star every time I wear them. So she's like, I wore the red pants. Those pants make me feel amazing. So I put them on. I had no reason to, but they make me feel confident. So I think that that's a great way to ask yourself, like, when do I actually feel confident? And are you putting that into your life? Are you making the effort to get out of the robe and put on the red hot pants to help boost that confidence. Same goes with being aware of what activities or things that you do when you do feel confident and being aware of that and making time for that and making sure that you are doing those things, wearing those things, practicing those things, so that you can gain more confidence. Yeah. What does a great confident day look like if you're just, like, crushing your morning? What are you doing if you have a great afternoon, a great night? What things? What activities? What thoughts? What are you wearing? Who are you with? What are you eating? All of those things help you own your unique confidence. And that's really the name of the game. Yeah. So these are just a couple of little tidbits on how to define confidence and maybe ask yourself, like, am I squashing my confidence? Am I doing things that are actually boost it? Yeah. And am I doing things, maybe out of habit that are making me feel more insecure? And how can I shift that a little bit and kind of just owning your uniqueness? I think that that is such a valuable takeaway. And I think so often we're looking at others and going, oh, she's so confident because she has this or she has that, or she looks this way or that way and not thinking that self confidence is in the cards for you. And that is just not true because confidence comes from a lot of different things. And really, it's just a matter of embracing who you are, your own gifts, shining that more often, doing those things more often, so that you can recognize how awesome you are. But if you are just sitting there and going, thinking, self confidence isn't for you, you will not grow it, you will not find it, and you will not be it. You won't grow it. You won't show it. That's right. Okay, so we have a couple. These are fun cooking hacks for you guys. These are our little bits of awesome. Okay, so one that I absolutely love is dice or mash with a cooling rack. I've seen this one recently on Instagram. Really? Where people will take a potato, pushing them through. Yes. They'll do a baked potato, and they're like, why aren't we all doing this? You cut the potato in half, and you just press it down, and it makes it so much easier than peeling the potato. So you cook it first, smash it. Wait, so you don't even have to peel it because the skin doesn't go through. Skin doesn't go through. You get like a rusted potato, you boil it. You cut it in half and you push each smoosh. Yeah. And sometimes you don't realize you have the very thing in your kitchen. You got a cooling rack. You got a cooling rack for a potato smoosher. Okay, how about this one? And everyone probably knows this. Add a little oil to your boiling water when you're cooking your pasta to prevent sticking. Well, how about that? Here's another one. Cook your rice with bone broth instead of water, and it adds like another 10 grams of protein to your rice. Really? I knew you'd absorbs into the rice. Yeah. Wow. I know. I was excited to tell you about that. Here's a final one, and this is hilarious. Use dental floss to cut cheese or bake goods. Like a lot of work. Are you that desperate that you need to go find your floss? And what are you going to have a little minty flavor to your cheese slice? Because your floss has got. But, you know, there is something to like a baked loaf of bread. It gets all gummy and gooey on. I would love to see if you can cut a warm loaf of bread with some floss, like a good banana loaf. Oh, I received. Honestly, I am going to take on that challenge. I say the best one yet, though, is cutting pizza with scissors. No, I've done that before. Is cooking your rice. Yeah. With bone broth. And Brian told me about that yesterday. I was like, wow, you're kidding me. Wow. That's kind of mind blowing. I really want to know if that's. And who's to know? How are they taking that little. We're believing all kinds of quote unquote experts. Now this is absorbed. Now this has. Right? Yeah, those are great little bits of awesome. We are hoping you are starting your year off strong. It's January. We are here for a better year. We are here to build confidence. We are here to implement daily habits that are going to help you be happier and healthier and you deserve. You should be confident in yourself because you are uniquely you on purpose and you have a lot to offer. So I hope you take the time to kind of look at where you're at and if you need a little help in this department that you implement some of these things that we talked to today to make sure that you got your head in the game and you're doing it right. You got your head held. That's right. And this podcast was brought to you by great way to get extra protein in. We know that you've set some health goals for this new year. And if you need more protein. And sometimes you're just on the go and you got to throw it in your purse. You got to throw it in your gym bag, you got to throw it in your car. Use built bar and use code BFF to save. They're delicious. They are. We love you. Love you guys. Bye. Later.